whoa
hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this
is English from the ground up
and in this video we're going to explore
an abandoned mine shaft that I found
down here in my mind
down there
but first there's something that I need
to do
and this is probably something that I
should have done a long time ago
I need to build
armor
so I already have a helmet right here on
this armor stand
[Music]
oh there we go
I didn't know how to take it off of the
armor stand okay now I'm going to put on
this helmet
like this
boom so now I'm wearing a helmet
so I need to build a chest plate
a chest plate some pants and some boots
I have
44 iron
and I'm going to use this iron to build
the armor
so I'm going to build
a chest plate
I'm going to build leggings
[Music]
and I'm going to build some boots
there we go
I built the chest plate leggings and
boots so now I'll put them on
like this like this and like this there
we go now I'm wearing a full set of iron
armor
this will help me to survive down there
in the cave so now I think I have
everything that I will need to go
exploring the abandoned mine shaft down
in my mind
so
let's go
let's go down the staircase
so this is the first stop on my
staircase
and this is where I mined a lot of the
stone that I used to build the buildings
up there
and there's also some iron
and some coal on this level
[Music]
and a little bit further down
look at this
this is the mine shaft the abandoned
mine shaft and this is what I wanted to
explore in this episode
so
hopefully I will find some rails and a
mine cart
in this abandoned mine shaft that I can
collect and use to build a rail right
here that goes all the way to the bottom
I hate these blocks
because I always think that they're
diamonds but no
it's just Stone
I can hear a skeleton
[Music]
where is the skeleton
aha here are some rails I've already
found some rails so
I'm going to collect these rails and
later I can use them to build a rail in
my mine
rails rails rails rails
whoa
why is there a block of grass right here
weird
rails rails rails rails rails all right
I already have 14 rails
let's continue exploring oh I missed one
there we go
I'm gonna jump over there
jump oh
I'm bad
try number two
jump all right more rails
and more rails
lots of rails
I'm going to place a torch
because it's really dark down here
is that everything
I hope that there's more
aha
okay the mine shaft continues this way
I'm going to jump
I need some coal so I'm going to collect
this coal
all right that's all the coal
another torch
more coal
iron all right let's continue
skeleton uh oh
die all right
we're doing good
[Music]
what was that sound
oh
it's an Enderman I'm going to try to
kill it
die
oh no oh no
oh
half a heart
oh no
oh
that was close
I almost died
wow
that Enderman dropped an ender pearl
these are going to be very important in
the future
okay
a zombie
that zombie dropped some iron
or one piece of iron
oh creeper
no
the creeper is stuck in the cobweb
all right
spider
hey it's a bat
it's a bat
iron
cold
do you hear that ding ding sound when
I'm mine the coal
that is the sound of me collecting
experience when you mine
some materials like coal or like
diamonds you collect experience and if
you collect enough experience you can
increase your level right now I'm a
level 14. I want to increase my level to
level 30. so I can get a level 30
enchantment for one of my tools
probably my pickaxe my diamond pickaxe
is probably the first tool that I will
enchant
but first I need to get to level 30.
so I have a long way to go after mining
all of that coal and Lapis now I'm level
15.
I'm getting a lot of experience from
this coal
I'm level 16 now
I'm going to mine everything that I see
just to get the experience
did I
die
wow there's a lot of monsters down here
ah
the mine shaft the mine shaft continues
down there
whoa
what
there was a Creeper down there
there it is
hmm
today
die die die die no oh
Markle
more experience
porch
wow this is a huge mine
I'm definitely lost
let's go down here
torch
jump more rails
okay well this path stops right here
whoa
what was that
that was a glitch
Cole
and level 17 we're increasing our level
really fast mining all of this coal
I only have five more torches
Zombies die die die
die die die die die
okay
iron
die die die
tons of zombies
[Music]
die die
wow
[Music]
more zombies
die die die die die
oh a zombie
[Music]
die
a zombie
die a zombie
another zombie
die die die die die die
foreign
zombies coming from
I ran out of torches
so I need to build more
so
first I'm going to build
sticks
and then I will use sticks and coal to
build torches
alright
64 more torches
I can hear lots of monsters around me
I can hear skeletons and zombies
I'm completely lost now I have no idea
where I am
we're finding lots of iron I have 55
iron now
and more coal
aha
more rails
when I see rails that means that I
probably haven't been here
or else I would have collected the rails
torch
let's see how many rails I have now
64.
7.
77 rails
we're finding a lot of rails which is
great
let's continue down here
never mind let's turn around and go back
this way
rails
I'm following the rails
I wonder if this path continues this way
I'm going to try to dig through the
gravel
aha
it does continue
and there are more rails
torch
hmm
there are lots of cobwebs around
I think that iron also gives you
experience when you smelt it into iron
ingots
this mine shaft is very confusing
there are lots of different paths
rails whoa there's a creeper behind that
fence
[Music]
die
it exploded
whoa all right more coal
ah we're almost to level 19.
more coal
and level 19. there we go
I don't know where to go
I'm very lost
I might have explored this whole mine
shaft
I don't see any more rails
well now I'm just trying to find my
staircase back up
and I don't see it anywhere
oh
where am I
oh okay
I remember this area with the gravel a
skeleton
skeleton die die die die die
whoa whoa whoa lots of spiders
one two three four spiders
spiders die
die die
spiders die die
whoo okay I killed all of the spiders
Cole
all right we're getting lots of
experience
oh I've already been down there
whoa
okay I explored down here a little bit
off camera
this is where I found some of the
diamonds that I used to make these
diamond tools
creeper
I hear a zombie close by
over here
it sounds like he's this way
I'm going to dig to the sound of the
zombies
[Music]
there they are Zombies die die die die
die die die die die die die
torch
that zombie dropped a carrot
some lapis
oh skeleton
I need to eat
wow
my diamond pickaxe is almost broken
wow more iron more Redstone more iron
I'm going to mine all of these resources
okay
and there's my staircase
I know where I am now
I'm going to go back up to the surface
because my pickaxe is almost broken and
my inventory is full
oh
[Music]
it's raining up here
it's raining
which means it's time for me to sleep
sleep
ing in the rain
and it's morning
whoa
Enderman
die die die
ha
listen to the Enderman
hahaha
the Enderman dropped a grass block
I will throw away
um
no I don't know this carrot
a grass block I didn't even know you
could get grass blocks in survival mode
all right I'm going to put all of the
things that I found down in the cave
in my chests
wow I found a ton of rails down there in
the mine shaft and I also found
a ton of iron
and a ton of coal I found a ton of rails
coal and iron down there in the
abandoned mine shaft I'm going to begin
smelting this iron right here in this
furnace
by putting coal and iron in the furnace
and also right here
there we go so now I'm smelting iron
into iron ingots in both of these
furnaces I put everything that was in my
inventory
away
in these chests
and I think I'm going to end this video
right here
I went exploring down in the abandoned
mine shaft where I found many rails and
I also collected a bunch of XP and
increased my level to 21. in the next
video I'll build the rail system in my
mine and maybe even enchant one of my
diamond tools
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video like And subscribe and
I will see you in the next video
see ya
[Music]